edabit.com

Python:
Medium - 11111 - 11111 

Javascript:...
Medium - 1 
Easy - 11111 - 111
Very Easy - 1

Oct. 29, 2022 (Saturday)

* // --> operator that divides and discards the fractional part
* I learned that you can set a default value for an argument.

Medium Questions:
1. Find Domain Name From DNS Pointer (PTR) Records Using IP Address
2. Given the radius of a circle and the area of a square, return True if the circumference of the circle is greater than the square's 	
	perimeter and False if the square's perimeter is greater than the circumference of the circle.
3. Given a number, return a list containing the two halves of the number. If the number is odd, make the rightmost number higher.
	
4. Create a function that takes damage and speed (attacks per second) and returns the amount of damage after a given time.
5. Luke Skywalker has family and friends. Help him remind them who is who. Given a string with a name, return the relation of that person to Luke.
6. In this challenge, establish if a given integer num is a Curzon number. If 1 plus 2 elevated to num is exactly divisible by 1 plus 2 multiplied by num, 
    then num is a Curzon number. Given a non-negative integer num, implement a function that returns True if num is a Curzon number, or False otherwise.
7. Create a function that takes two numbers and a mathematical operator + - / * and will perform a calculation with the given numbers.
8. Create a function that takes in a current mood and return a sentence in the following format: "Today, I am feeling {mood}". However, if no argument 
    is passed, return "Today, I am feeling neutral".
9. Write a function that stutters a word as if someone is struggling to read it. The first two letters are repeated twice with an 	ellipsis ... 
    and space after each, and then the word is pronounced with a question mark ?.
10. Create a function that takes an integer and returns the factorial of that integer. That is, the integer multiplied by all positive lower integers.

